Objective of the meeting: Approving some approaches and solutions on specific elements

- Encrypt button
- Subject encryption
- Showing encryption status

Participants: Magnus, Alex, Kai, Nicolas

Duration: 2hrs

## Encrypt/Security button

- Discussed the necessity of keeping Encrypt and Sign separate for specific use
  cases
  * Kai is highlighting the importance of this by keeping the options separate
    (2 buttons).
  * Magnus proposed to ignore this and not expose it in the toolbar.
  * Possible solution: Not exposing the 2 buttons in the toolbar but keeping
    the ability to sign without encrypting, through a top level menu item in
    the Menu bar.
- Discussed potential names for the encryption menu to include both encryption
  and signature:
  * Security Options
  * Encryption Options

### Subject encryption indicator

Not discussed

### Showing encryption status

- Discussed the possibility of showing the status directly in the button by using the lock icon with a green check or red bar.
- Discussed the possibility of showing the status in the footer status bar.
- Discussed the possibility of showing the status as a floating element in the editor area.
- The discussion then brought us to explore the idea of a dedicated Encryption/Security toolbar.

### Encryption/Security toolbar

Proposed the implementation of a dedicated toolbar to group all encryption and security options and notifications.

- The toolbar will be visible only if at least 1 account has e2ee enabled.
- The toolbar will be visible BUT disabled if the user changes the compose to
  an identity without enabled e2ee.
- The toolbar will include the following elements:
  * Toggle Encryption ON/OFF
  * Security options dropdown
  * Currently used encryption technology label
  * Signed label if only signed and not encrypted
  * Warning notifications of potential issues with missing/untrusted/never used
    keys

### Other discussions

- Magnus proposed to postpone the work on the UI for now and focus on TOFU and
  the improvements of the "Manage keys" dialog, stating that improving those
  aspects will make the necessity of notifying the user before hitting "Send"
  obsolete.
  * Alex strongly disagree with this. Also Kai and Nico seemed to be on board
    with the idea that we should notify the user early as soon as we know
    something is not good, before hitting "Send".
- The meeting got slightly side tracked with the discussion of some
  philosophical approaches to encryption and to what we should or not should do
  automatically.

### Next steps

- Exploring possible UI solutions for a dedicated Security Toolbar in the
  compose.
- Give higher priority to the Guided TOFU setup for OpenPGP - Bug 1627956
