Scope discussion with Internews
===============================

- Internews can extend the contract until the end of February.

- Internews could allocate more hours until the end of February.

- Nicolas doesn't want to commit to more hours for now and prefers spreading
  them across more months to continue the discussions with the team at their
  speed and oversee the implementation.

- Nicolas still has time, until the end of February, to:

  * Finish the design discussions, ideally for December 14.
  * Document the design through mockups, updates on BMO, and a written design
    document, if useful.
  * Discuss an implementation strategy with the team.
  * Oversee the implementation of a software prototype in January.
  * Do usability tests of a software prototype early February.
  * Debrief the usability tests and discuss solutions with the team in February.

- Nicolas might have time to implement part of the frontend on top of the
  priorities listed above, if time allows.

- Thundebird will allocate developer time in January to implement a software
  prototype.

Key assistant
=============

Accepting from list of recipients 
---------------------------------

Magnus proposes to allow accepting keys with 1 click from the list of
recipients and TOFU being the main thing.

Kai doesn't want to make it too easy to accept a key and wants to allow
verifying a key.

Ideas:

- On/Off switch
  - Checkbox?
  - Implementing a switch?
- 1 button: [Accept...]

Alex:

- List recipients that need attention on top.
- Put all other recipients in a different group.
- Recipients move between groups as they are solved.

Accept and Choose
-----------------

Right now the mockups implement Kai's proposal to have step-by-step acceptance
for the problematic recipients.

Alex:

- Kind of taxing to go through 10 recipients.
- Having a left bar with an overview of all recipients.

Magnus:

- Cancel and Continue instead of Accept

Kai:

- Bigger dialog from start
  - Left: email address + status
  - Right: guidance for choosing

Alex:

- Expand dynamically to the right

Kai:

- If simple solution: switch on the left side
- If more complicated solution: expand on the right

Alex:

- Avoid making the user feel like they are losing path

TODO:

- Brainstorm different concepts to integrate more elements in the recipients
  list, as alternative to step-by-step acceptance.

Composer
========

Top-level menu
--------------

DECISION: "Security" and outside of options.

OpenPGP-S/MIME toggle
---------------------

DECISION: OpenPGP S/MIME toggle: single dropdown.

Duplicated items in "Security" and "Attach"
-------------------------------------------

DECISION: Don't duplicate items between "Security" and "Attach" menu.

Public Key:

- Try moving "Attach My Public Key" to the "Attach" menu.

OpenPGP signature:

- Keep it in the "Security" menu.

TODO:

- Update composer to match these decisions.
