Multiple valid keys
===================

On top of helping in the resolution of key issues, the key assistant should:

- Allow examining the keys of recipients without issues.
- Allow changing the acceptance of all valid keys.
- Never ask to choose between multiple keys if the user already has at least 1 valid
  and accepted key.

The user might also have several valid and accepted keys for a single recipient. In
this case, Thunderbird will use only 1 key to encrypt, chosen randomly. GnuPG does the
same.

Our data model only allows accepting an entire key, for all its associated email
addresses. We don't allow accepting only 1 combination of key + address for a key
associated with multiple email addresses.

Example scenarios with multiple valid keys:

### Wrong accepted key (accepted → rejected)

1. Alice accepted a wrong key for Bob.
2. Alice write to Bob but Bob can't read.
3. Bob tells Alice that he can't read her message and send his correct key.
4. Alice wants to change the accepted key from the wrong one to the correct one.

How does the assistant allow Alice to switch to the new key?

### Rejected correct key (rejected → accepted)

1. Alice made a mistake and rejected a correct key in the past.
2. Alice now wants to use it.
3. Alice discovers a fake key online but still has the correct key.
4. Alice writes to Bob with the fake key but Bob can't read.

How does the assistant allow Alice to switch back to the key rejected at first?

### Key updated out-of-band (expired → updated)

1. Alice has verified a key but it expired.
2. Bob has not updated the key on key servers.
3. Bob sends his updated key to Alice.
4. Alice automatic discovers a fake key on the key servers

How does the assistant help Alice choose between the updated key and the fake key?

TODO:

- Mockup key information for a recipient without issue and a single key.

- Mockup key information for a recipient without issue and multiple keys.

  This would replace the current list of keys for all recipients from "View Security
  Info".

- Image different widgets to present a list of keys, different acceptance status, and
  how to change between them:

  * alleged → accepted
  * alleged → rejected
  * accepted → rejected
  * rejected → accepted
  * expired → updated

"Always Resolve" vs. "Accept and Choose"
========================================

Pros of "Always Resolve":

- Consistent layout and workflow for the user
- Key acceptance can be done without opening an extra dialog
- Optimized for multiple keys
- Simpler and more consistent for problems with a single recipient:
  we can display a variant of the resolution screen for this recipient

Pros of "Accept and Choose":

- More upfront about the solution to each problem
- Optimized for a single key (reuses the key properties dialog)

TODO:

- Continue improving "Always Resolve"
- Try to allow accepting directly from the list of recipients
  * With a single valid key
  * With multiple valid keys

Don't Remind Me Again and Settings
==================================

- Do we want a "Don't Remind Me Again" option when encryption is possible?

Not now.

- If so, do we want Option A for the settings or can we fit in in a different way?

Stick to Option B for now.

TODO:

- Fix inconsistent wording in Option B.
- Summary open discussions in composer window.
