Secondary toolbar paradigm
==========================

- Notifications should be in a notification bar anyway to adjust better to
  small displays.
- The secondary toolbar would have at most 2 buttons in the default state and
  looks like a waste of space.

The secondary toolbar looks like a no go for Alex. Neither Kai no Magnus
defended it.

Single notification paradigm
============================

Alex likes:

- The OpenPGP / Security top-level menu
- Encryption technology toggle

TODO: Move notifications to bottom

Automatic key discovery before sending
======================================

In the background while the user composes the email.

- Alex prefers to stick to having visual indicators only if something is wrong.
- The spinner might look weird if Thunderbird is looking for several keys at
  the same time.
- Background activity could rather be displayed in the status bar, like in
  Firefox.
- It would be nice but not strictly necessary, so let's forget about this for
  now and maybe add it again as a second step.

Notify if encryption is possible
================================

- Have a white and blue notification.
- "Can" → "could"
- Have an option to hide it permanently?
- Use it to tell more about encryption?
- See what WhatsApp does.

Dual OpenPGP-S/MIME users
=========================

- Kai points out that changing the name of the top menu item could
  be a problem when writing documentation or doing user support.

TODO:

- Try having a consistent menu name:
  * Always Security top-level?
  * Always technology label?

- Draw more use cases for encryption technology toggle:
  when is the button showed or disabled with different identities

Educational content
===================

TODO: Brainstorm places and content for just-in-time education about end-to-end encryption

- In guided TOFU
- Education when encrypting for the first time
- Learn more
- Guided setting when the user clicks encryption.

Guided TOFU
===========

- Send Encrypted only when sending, not from menu
- "New Key"
  * Sounds like Thunderbird knows it's the most recent key, while in
    fact it's just a key we haven't used yet, and in theory the recipient
    might have other newer keys.
  * Undecided?
  * Unaccepted?
- Source: might not know the time
- Settings: combine A and B

Calendar
========

TODO: Discuss calendar with Internews.
