Key discovery and TOFU on send
==============================

1627956: Guided TOFU setup for OpenPGP

https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1627956

- Should keys be accepted automatically?

  - Yes, like Autocrypt
  - Maybe not, for at-risk users

AGREEMENT: Always ask the user to accept new keys before using them.

Magnus has concerns with the "accept" terminology but let's not question this now.

Magnus
------

https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1627956#c6

Kai
---

Wizard with screen-by-screen for problematic keys

Alex: Step-by-step might be too long with many recipients, but can be solved
through design.

Magnus: Makes the happy path more complicated.

Let's have both!
----------------

AGREEMENT: Try to combine both approaches and offer to "Discover Keys Online"
as first step if happy path seems possible.

Automatic key collection
------------------------

What other mechanisms for key collection?

- Keys from email attachments
- Autocrypt headers and gossip
- From key servers but not imported

Keep these separate to prevent poisoning. Only show them as last resort if we
don't have a valid key already. We need some smart logic to handle these keys
and make an appropriate offer. Store metadata in addition, like source.

Can be added later on.

Online key discovery
--------------------

What about at-risk users who want to avoid using key servers?

- ( ) Always automatic
- (o) AGREEMENT: Global settings for each source
  - WKD
  - keys.openpgp.org
- ( ) Always confirm

How to prioritize different keys from different sources?

- ( ) Automatic ranking
- (o) AGREEMENT: Show a list of keys with their sources and ask the user to choose

Encrypt and sign only in composer
---------------------------------

AGREEMENT: Allow encrypt-only but only available from menu options
AGREEMENT: Allow sign-only but only available from menu options

Technology for the TOFU wizard
------------------------------

AGREEMENT: Let's try to use an HTML dialog instead of XUL.
